Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Come on. bro.
- Whoa. whoa.
- Hey. watch it.
- You're in my way. bro.
- Okay.
- That all you got?
- You want to go faster. huh?
This is cool. bro.
Skxawng.
Let go
It's cool riding with you. bro.
Hi' four!
All right. I gotta get back. bro.
Little brother.
Tell me one thing before you go.
How did I die?
You got shot.
We could have escaped.
But I made us go back for Spider.
Then we had to go back.
That's not your fault.
- Tell that to Dad.
We weren't even supposed to be out there.
I got us caught because
I disobeyed orders.
That's just you. Little bro.
- I love you. brother.
- Skxawng.
I killed my brother.
No matter what happens.
I have to live with that
for the rest of my life.
- I wish I could do it.
- I wish I could do it!
If I have another stupid seizure underwater.
Yeah. You'd be me without a mask.
Let's test that.
See what happens.
Hey. watch the stitches.
Watch the stitches!
How do you like that. huh?
The fire of hate leaves only
the ash of grief.
My mother mourned the ancient way
singing her son's life
during the daily eclipse.
Because the light always returns.
There's the Na' Vi way.
And then there's my Dad's way.
Say nothing. Keep busy.
The reef people say.
the sea washes you clean.
Washes away your sins.
What do you got?
You're supposed to be collecting guns.
That things useless.
Focus. boy.
Don't let your mother see that.
Excuse me. Tuk...
- Bro.
- Oh sick.
What is this?
Tsireya.
What are you doing?
This is an AR. right?
This is the mag.
That's where the bullets are empty.
Slap it. bracket it and then boom.
You can just spray.
You can kill a lot of sky people with this.
See? Ceramic action.
You clean them and oil them.
Be as good as new.
This is not the Na' vi way. Jake Sully.
Weapons of metal are forbidden.
You know this.
To touch them poisons the heart.
Eywa will provide.
Right.
The mourning period is not even over.
- Tuk.
- You should be with your family.
Not gathering these things.
Your woman. needs you.
My son lies with the ancestors in the reef.
This is our home.
I said I would stand and fight.
But I can't fight gunships with spears.
We sank the demon ship.
The pink skins fear us now.
Yeah. we got lucky.
And they got many more ships.
Least we got these.
We are grateful you stand with us.
Jake Sully
It is not guns we need.
It is rider of Last shadow.
Ride Great Toruk as you did before.
When you ride the beast.
you become the beast.
And the more blood. the better.
I will not become Toruk Makto again.
Jake Sully. You are always Toruk Makto.
Come. Rotxo.
Can you hear me?
Yeah. we can hear you.
Loud and clear. Go on. Doc.
So we've been through the wreck.
inside and out.
And we searched through about
200 meter radius around it.
We didn't find any Na'vi bodies.
just crew.
Well. keep looking. Doctor.
Expand the search radius.
Roger that. I've note though.
I did find an interesting new algae.
Sullys still out there.
We don't know that.
Scavengers could have
carried off the bodies.
Nope. He made it out.
And he's in this area.
down to a handful of villages.
You just give me a ship and I'll...
I gave you a ship.
It's right there on the bottom.
Yeah. along with my crew.
All dead.
You brought me out here 26 trillion miles
for a single mission.
A kinetic hard kill up against one guy.
I ain't backing off!
Hello? Do they have me on here?
The spirit of my ancestors is in this boat.
It was our strength.
I can help you fix it. Lo'ak.
No. It's ruined.
Everything I touch gets ruined.
They never talked about it.
but it was there in the room.
Like a crouching denador.
I know you will never give up your bow.
So.
Just don't be close when it hits.
So you agree with Ronal?
I will never speak against my husband
in front of that woman.
Look. I'm a Marines.
Not taking a knife to a gunfight
or a prayer.
So what am I supposed to do?
I can't run. I can't fight.
Oh. that's right.
Eywa will provide. Yeah.
So where was Eywa?
Where was Eywa when our son..
Jake!
I'm in this place where I have nothing.
Not my people. not my forest.
Even my father's bow is gone.
All I have is my faith
that this is the Great Mother's plan.
You have this family.
And you have me.
I love you so much.
Yeah. Palakan.
You're the man.
Go. Go.
This is sick.
Go forward. Go. Go.
That was insane. Cuz.
I know. right bro
I thought you were dead
It sucks that Payakan is still an outcast.
Yeah. after saving
all our asses.
No. I'm sorry. But by the
tulkun way he bears the deaths.
All those who died in the battle.
he bears those debts.
I'm sorry. You saved us all.
Forever. brother. Always.
Dad.
- Wait. Where's the spare?
- In the basket I think.
Get up. Wake up. Where's. Hey.
Where's the spare mask?
- What?
- Where's the spare mask?
It used to be there.
Where is it?
- I don't know.
- Find it.
It's not here.
- Speak to me. Where is it?
- I can't find it.
Hurry. Hurry. Where is it?
- Come on. Come on. Come on.
- I got it.
- Dad. Dad.
- Hurry.
I found it.
Breathe. Breathe.
Breathe deep and slow.
Deep and slow.
There you go. You're okay?
I'm good. I'm good. Okay.
Skxawng. You have to be careful.
Careful's my middle name.
Yeah. skxawng.
You should be more careful. Little baby.
- Pay attention.
- Get off. Get off.
You have to pay attention.
The wind traders.
The wind traders are here.
The wind traders are coming.
Come on.
Come on. Let's go.
Come on. Come on.
Hey.
Look at him.
It's not going to take up much room.
As long as he's no trouble.
Take a knee. Let's go.
Tuk. Come on.
Kiri. What?
Kiri? Please.
Children. Please sit down. Please.
Your mother and I have come to a decision.
Spider. You're gonna live
back in high camp with Norm.
- What?
- The Wind Traders would take you.
No. dad. you can't.
Spider. you can't live
in a mask day and night.
I just want to stay here with you.
- I know. But it's just too risky.
- This isn't fair.
But please. You're the
only family I've ever known.
This is what's best for you.
But dad. he's our best friend.
- Can we just find a way?
- It's too dangerous.
You're one dead battery away
from being dead yourself.
He belongs with his own kind.
- Mom.
- And what kind is that. Mother?
- Alien?
- Kiri
- Pink ass?
- Stop.
You hate them so much.
That's all you see.
It's spider.
Please. Jake. Mr. Sully.
I won't be any problem.
You know that.
Dad. this isn't right.
Spider is part of this family.
He will never be
a part of this family.
The caravan is the safest way to move him.
No. Please. He's going today.
- Can't do this
- It's a done deal.
Enough. this is a family.
It's not a democracy.
- Alright.
- I hate you.
- He's what is best. baby girl.
- No.
- It's okay.
- Don't touch me.
Hey. It's okay.
You understand?
No. I already lost my brother.
I can't lose anyone else.
Sully stick together.
Yep. That's the family motto.
- This is bullshit
- This isn't fair.
Okay. Okay. Hey. All right.
How about this?
We all go together to drop him off.
Kiri. you said you wanted
to see your grandmother.
Yeah. It will be an adventure
for the whole family
Yeah. Cool.
Hey. Stay here.
Our arrangement was for
the pink skin boy only.
- There won't be any trouble.
- You are already trouble.
A trader must move freely.
We cannot choose sides.
Having to Makto on board cuts very close
to choosing a side in this war.
Maybe you're mistaken.
Toruk Makto was never on your ship.
But if he was ever aboard.
then him and his woman
would be happy to fly as outriders
and protect your caravan.
Perhaps so.
the Mangwan raiders grow more aggressive.
Very well.
I'm with you on this.
Cast off.
Come on.
- Lo'ak
- Tsireya
is ready about. Ready about.
On all lines. Come to starboard.
Windward. Main shaft fall.
Pull out and race. Fall to windward heels.
Lightning ship. Come up easy.
Windward and fall.
Bingo. In second. What?
Yeah.
Everyone mourns in their own way.
For me. it's being up here alone.
I feel him with me.
Bro. Check it out.
I hear his voice in the wind.
Hold this.
Dad. I've been thinking.
I should carry a rifle and
I can fly with you.
That's not gonna happen
Why not? You trained me to shoot.
okay. I know what I'm doing.
Where's your comms?
I called you like five times.
Where are your comms?
There's rule number one.
You can't even do that
That's it.
What you got?
So I promise this guy in imaging.
a case of beer if he
ever got something for us.
Long range patrols. Talk to these
guys when they punch our airspace.
Routine fly-by.
Here's the enhanced.
- Smile.
- When?
13:50. Today.
I got coordinates.
- Let's man up.
- Thank you.
Falling hard.
- You packed?
- I'm good. I got plenty of time.
Cleared ahead.
- Raiders. weapons up.
- Sound me the alarm.
Kiri. Go. Run. Go.
Come on. Let's go.
Go to cover.
Yeah.
Go. Go.
- Protect your sisters.
- Can you do that?
Yes. sir. Stay in the cover Yeah.
Get it.
Split out.
Here.
My comms.
- Stay with the girls.
- Bro. where you going?
Bro. you're supposed to stay here.
Come on. Release.
Get back. Sa.
I am the fire.
Go. Go. Climb. Climb. Get up.
Hurry.
- Spider.
- Come on. Let's go. Oh. my.
Do you copy?
Guys. it's Lo'ak.
- Where?
Come on. we gotta get him. Go. go.
Jump. bro. Come on. jump. Go.
go. go. go.
Hold on.
- Spider.
- Kiri.
My leg.
You okay?
Tuk.
Tuk. Tuk. Hey.
Hey. Are you okay.
- Bro? You good?
- Yeah. I'm good.
Sweet girl. Sweet girl.
- I'm so sorry. Sorry. I'm so sorry.
- It's okay.
Thank you. Bro. My spare's on the ship.
What? My backup's on that ship.
Kiri. stay here.
We gotta go. Gotta go.
Come on. we gotta go. Kiri. Run.
Kiri. Come on. They're coming.
Go. Go.
They're coming. Come on. Let's go.
Keep going. Go. Go. Go.
Go. Go. Kiri. Come on. This way. Come on.
Keep going. Keep going. Hurry.
What goes through.
Tsahik. Look.
Knife.
On me.
Come on. Tuk.
They're coming.
Tuk. Kiri. Come on.
This way. Go. Go.
Keep going.
Come on. This way. Hurry. Hurry.
Got to get in the water. Come on.
Come on. Come on. Come on. Swim.
I got you Tuk. It's okay.
What is Dad always say?
Sullys stick together.
- No. the other one.
Sullys never quit
That's right. Sullys never quit.
- Nothing.
- Kiri. pull up.
Come on.
Kiri. Kiri.
Spider.
grab my hand.
Eagle Eye. do you copy?
Lo'ak. come in. Boy.
Answer me.
Neytiri. how copy?
Neytiri.
do you copy?
Got you Tuk. I got you.
Is everybody okay? You okay?
Spider. you okay. bro? Yeah.
Do you see them? No.
Let's get out of sight.
- I want to go home.
- Tuk. Come on.
- I'm tired and I'm hungry.
- I know
- I want to go home.
- I am too.
Dad has no idea where we are.
We got no comms.
We're on our own.
Bro. I've got to get a mask.
- What are we going to do?
- I don't know. Why am I in charge?
Calm down. We have to do something.
- Shut up.
- Lo'ak.
- Crap. Crap. Crap. crap. crap. Crap.
- We have to go back to the ship.
No. we can't go back to the ship.
Those guys are between us and the ship.
No. That's our last known position.
That's where dad is
going to be looking for us.
- Bro. No.
- We'll just circle around them.
- It's a good idea.
- Which way?
This way. Come on. Everyone follow me.
It's all over. Jake.
You stay reel still now.
Is that who you got?
All right. That'll do.
Still smart ass. Huh? See those hands?
I killed you.
I guess I don't die that easy. Corporal.
Help me.
Who hit you Corporal.
Mangkwan Raiders.
They call themselves Ash people.
What's this? They cut the Kuru.
They take their enemy's toa.
Their power.
That's worth some death to these guys.
- Any sign of them?
- Kids are gone.
That's fully charged.
Which means he missed his
mask change and he's running out.
And that's if these Ash people
don't get to him first.
We gotta go after these kids right now.
Or you're never gonna see him again.
Can you track him?
That is not the mission.
What are we doing?
Can you track him? We're burning time.
Colonel.
Boss. we got him right of here.
No. the cuffs stay.
Which way?
Oh. you're gonna get me killed again.
Come on. This way.
The river's gotta be just up ahead.
Come on.
Spider. Bro.
Stuck here. What can we do.
Monkey boy. conserve your air.
Look at me. Take slow breaths.
- Lo'ak. Can you carry him?
- Yeah. yeah. Come on. bro. Hop on.
No.
- Kids went in the water.
- Smart move.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Oh. no. no.
Spider.
Great mother.
Save this sky Person.
I beg you.
We don't have time for praying.
He's dying.
Please.
Okay. It's gonna be okay. buddy.
Just breathe.
Kiri. Kiri. We need to go.
Come on. We have to go.
Can't sit around you.
We got to keep going. Almost there.
Can't sit around here. We gotta go
- K. Tuk go get her.
- Kiri. Come on.
Stop. Bring him here.
- Kiri stop.
- Quickly.
Stop.
Do as I say!
Put him here.
Stop. Kiri. What are you doing?
What are you doing?
I'm not sure this feels right.
What?
Be quiet.
I can't talk.
Lo'ak. Lo'ak!
- This mask. take it off.
- What?
He can't breathe.
Come on.
Kiri. Kiri. Kiri.
Lo'ak. No.
Oh. no. Oh. no.
I'm so sorry.
- I'm breathing.
- Yes. monkey boy.
You are.
I'm dead. This is the spirit world.
No. Cuz you still here?
- I'm breathing the air.
- Yeah.
I'm breathing the air.
I guess I don't need this anymore. Yeah.
I'm breathing the air. baby.
Quiet. Quiet.
Thank you.
Whatever you did.
thank you.
Get back.
Stay behind me.
Cut off. Behind us.
How is he breathing with no mask?
I can't even think about that
right now. We gotta get in there.
Is not our air poison to sky people?
How do you still live. air-breather?
Because it is the will of Eywa.
- Eywa.
- Yes.
If I cut now. do you think
Eywa will come to save him?
Come on. Get these off me.
Come on. They're gonna kill him.
Do you think?
No.
Your goddess has no dominion here.
Come on.
Now give me the knife.
You want to show me how this works?
- Show me how to make thunder.
- I can't.
- It's empty. No. Thunder.
- Make thunder.
- It's empty.
- Make it quick.
Telling you. I'm telling you.
There's no thunder.
- Kill the youngest one.
- No. no. no. no. no. no.
Please. please.
Weapons down.
Now. Get back. Back. Come on.
Stay back. Get back. Get back.
Dad.
- Sully. You good?
- Ready. All right.
kids. on me.
All right. We're gonna Ease on out of here.
On me. on me. Be back. Moving.
Come on.
No. Dad.
You are strong. sky man.
You show me how to make thunder.
And that's the magic.
See?
Now you take aim.
What do you want to hit?
Or just go like this?
Yeah.
go on.
Feels good. don't it?
Huh?
I do not need you. Now. Skyman.
Bend him. Well.
- On your knees.
Prepare for sacrifice.
Come with me.
Neytiri. Cut her down.
Cut her down. Hold her.
Neytiri. We got you.
You're gonna be okay.
Okay? We got you. Max.
Prep for surgery. Go.
Open both doors. Come on.
These pricks know they're nuts.
Guys. come on. Come on.
Come on. Come on. Move it. Move.
Where's the girl.
Come on. Get in.
This way. Let's go.
Come on.
I'm ready.
Tsahik.
They are gone.
We search by air.
Daughter. Come.
My children. The children.
Where? Where are they?
Come on. let's hustle. Max. get me in.
Yeah. yeah. Are we hot?
- We're hot.
- All right. Don't even calibrate.
You must rest. my child. Daughter.
Goodbye.
Thank you.
I will ride.
Come. Oh. no.
Okay. Okay Lo'ak.
I got you.
This is good.
We're clear. Yeah.
Which brings us to our unresolved business
I'm out of arrows.
Still got our knives.
I'm kind of tired.
Yeah. Yeah.
Better save it in case those
flying monkeys show up.
Yeah. sure.
You and the missus must have done
something right. I'll give you that.
He's a good kid. He's a great kid.
Hey. Just told me we're gonna
start taking long walks together.
I'm still bringing you in.
dead If I have to.
All this time out here
and you still don't get it.
This world goes much deeper
than you imagine.
You witnessed it tonight.
With her. With him.
Don't matter.
It don't matter what color I am.
I still remember what team I'm playing for.
You got new eyes. Colonel.
All you gotta do is open them.
It's the ash. Get up. Come on.
We gotta move. Let's go. Come on.
come on. come on. Come on. We gotta move.
It's okay. It's okay.
They're ours. They're ours.
Jake? Kiri.
Tuk. Are you hurt?
How did you find us?
Children.
Mama.
Tuk. Kiri. Lo'ak.
Jake...
Are you okay?
Come here. It's okay. We're okay.
Hey. Norm.
What's up?
What? What.
Dude? Oh. yeah.
I'm good on the whole air thing.
Iron Sky Blue on actual.
We are inbound at the city wall.
So you think he's still with Sully?
I'd make book on it
This is not My priority.
My priority is getting this city built
and sending back Amrita to pay for it.
And who do you think sets
your priorities. General?
It's the big picture. guys.
So here's a big picture concept for you.
How are we supposed to colonize this world
if we can't breathe the freaking air?
You want to find the boy.
you gotta find Sully.
- And there. and there...
- How many more of these. huh?
- Not many more.
- You said yesterday.
Here's the most recent scan.
Now. you see this? This is all mycelium.
It's basically the same
thing as the forest network.
Somehow it colonized him.
spread through his entire system.
and then made changes
at the cellular level.
I mean. look. it altered his blood
chemistry. his nervous system. his lungs.
- Can you get it out?
- No. It's an endosymbiont.
We think they're keeping each other alive.
It could kill him if we even try.
But look. I mean. he's.
He's alive. he's healthy.
- Maybe this is a good thing.
- A good thing?
What if the RDA labs
could reverse engineer this?
What if every human being on Earth
could live here without a mask?
Ah. Jake. there's something else. Sit.
Hey. buddy. Okay. okay. Hey.
Hold. Hold still. Hold still. You're fine.
Ow. Look at that. What are you doing?
What is that?
He's growing a kuru.
- Wait. what?
- Oh. yeah
Great Mother. are you there?
Please hear my small voice.
I prayed to you in the forest
to save my friend.
I prayed so hard.
But you didn't come.
You didn't answer.
So I had to do it myself.
I don't know how. I...
I asked the roots to help me.
I don't remember how. I.
Please. no. No.
Don't shut me out.
Why am I like this?
How am I doing these things?
Please. just. Just talk to me.
Please. No. No. Please.
Please. No. No.
You want that one? All
right. let's take these off.
Kiri. run some more test.
Eywa never came to me.
I told you.
- I don't know how I did it.
- Drink.
Kiri.  My child.
You are touched
by the old mother's hand.
This we have known
since you were born.
There's something you're hiding.
I have felt it my whole life.
Just tell me the truth.
Please tell her.
It is time.
my child. You do
not have a father. Kiri.
What? You.
You-Your mother.
Okay. Gracie's avatar.
And when she was pregnant.
Norm ran some tests
and it was a pathological.
A parthenogenic birth. You're
genetically identical to the avatar.
There literally is no father.
- I'm a clone?
- Granddaughter.
It was the will of Eywa.
When the dreamwalker body lay here in the
Great Mother's hands.
a seed was planted.
That really sucks.
That makes me even more of a freak.
No. Granddaughter.
You are Eywa's child.
I don't care how it happened.
You're my baby girl.
I'm the only father you'll ever need.
If I am so special.
Why does Eywa fold her ears to me?
Look. we don't know why.
but you're locked out from her.
- It's some kind of firewall.
- Yeah. it's like an encryption.
The harder you try to break in.
the harder it fights back.
Eywa has a path for you.
Though she chooses to conceal it.
you must trust in her.
- I have to find out what it is.
- No. You have to
stop asking. Kiri. if.
If. If you try to connect again.
you could die.
You do it underwater and you will die.
He can't stay here. If the RDA get him.
But we'll never stop him.
He is so dangerous to
the people. to everything.
We should just kill him.
Spider. He'll come with us.
He'll come to the reef.
We can protect him there.
Toruk Makto knows best.
Come on. baby. It's not like that.
It is decided.
Get me up in there.
Get me in the pocket.
Get me in the pocket with the rocket.
Ten made it.
Here we go. And.
Club shot. She's bleeding out.
A new demonship has come. bigger.
More of our Tulkung have been killed.
I'm so sorry. brother.
Jake Sully. the outcast is
stirring up the young bulls.
Our Tulkun have called for
council to decide about him.
You must rest.
This must be removed.
See me
Kids. Kids on me.
No. I'm serious. When it grows long enough.
I'm gonna get my own ilu.
You skxawngs
You need a very small ilu.
Just you watch. I'm gonna
get my own Skimwick.
- Oh. Skimwick.
- Then I'll be the one laughing.
So how is this your daughter?
Your half blood daughter with no training.
Hold here.
Has done what no Tsahik could do.
Who are you to question
the will of Eywa?
- I am Tsahik.
- Then be Tsahik.
These herbs do nothing.
Herbs from my forest heal faster.
I tell you to rest.
You do not rest.
Then you blame my herbs.
Hold still.
Stupid woman.
Careful. Tsahik.
or I may forget that you are with child.
The matriarch has spoken.
She says the outcast continues
to defy the Tulkun way.
All killing is forbidden.
He was outcast for this.
but he has done it again.
The outcast attacked the
demon Ship bringing death to our people.
Even the son of Toruk Makto.
They can't blame Payakan for that.
She says he continues to disrupt.
spreading bad ideas among our young.
It's bullshit. It's not true.
She says he will only bring more death.
Hey. why don't you say something?
Say something. please.
She says the outcast
may not stay in these waters.
He must go far where his song
cannot be heard. Exile for life.
It's not fair.
It is decided.
No. Payakan.
Brother.
Please. no. Payakan. Brother.
This is. This is wrong.
This is wrong.
- You do not speak here.
- No. Payakan fought for us.
He fought for us.
He saved your daughter's life.
He saved her life.
Do not speak. please.
- He defended us.
- This is counsel.
The elders have spoken.
The Tulkun are being hunted.
They are dying.
Lo'ak. that's enough.
- No.
- Lo'ak speaks the truth.
- No. Tsireya.
- No.
- Daughter.
- Payakan is a warrior.
He fought for us more than you.
Or you.
More than any of you.
- He fought for us.
- Sit down.
- Take him from here. boy.
- Make a home.
- Dad. listen to him.
- We are in council.
What are you doing?
You never stand up for me.
Be seated.
Council continues.
We're at war.
You understand that?
If you disobey orders. people get killed.
With Spider here. we're
trying to keep a low profile.
But that rogue is out there.
He's stirring up the young bulls.
He was gonna bring
the whole RDA down on us.
You want him gone? That's
why you didn't say anything.
He's a loose cannon. He's just like you.
In fact. if you hadn't gone
to him in the first place.
if you hadn't disobeyed orders
and your brother would still be...
It wasn't my fault. Dad. No.
That's not my fault.
Lo'ak.
Go to him. Jake.
Or you will lose another son.
I got nothing to say to him.
Do not blame Lo.
You said you could protect this family.
That you could do.
Yeah. I thought we would be safe here.
Our son is dead. Jake.
I was wrong.
What do you want me to say?
That every decision
that I made for this family is wrong?
I killed our son.
And still we are here in this place.
Hiding this pink skin.
This alien.
If I had to choose between
my family and a pink skin.
I would kill him right now.
- Stop. Stop. Stop.
We're not doing this.
You already chose between
your family and a pink skin
Once. remember?
You cannot live like this. baby.
In "hate".
I hate them. Jake.
I hate them.
I hate their pink little hands.
I hate the insanity in their minds.
I'm a human. inside.
You hate me?
I'll always be an alien to you. won't I?
Doesn't matter how
long I live in this skin.
Do you hate your children
with their alien hands?
No.
Are you ashamed every time
they make a mistake.
every time they're different.
that's because of
the human inside them. right?
Yes.
Sorry. baby. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
We have to staying strong. Right now.
this family is our fortress.
The people say that when you touch steel.
poison seeps into your heart.
- Brother.
- Lo'ak.
Stay in this life. brother.
- We need you.
- We love you.
You have greatness in you.
The strength of the ancestors is here.
A bow can be fixed.
Go.
Good.
Moment of truth.
Go.
You feel her? Oh. yeah. I got fins.
Yeah. you. You do.
Woo. Go. Monkey boy.
You face them.
Stay calm. My baby. Stay calm.
- Spider.
- I think we're wasting our time. Colonel.
- They don't know anything.
- Well. they know. They're just not talking.
We got one more play. but it's radical.
Hey. You remember me. don't you?
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Just relax. Get him up.
I brought something for your Tsahik.
You take me to your Tsahik.
- Hey. hey. Move.
- No need to do that.
- I got my eye on you.
- Keep going.
I'll get you as many as you want.
What is your name. sky man?
Quaritch.
Colonel Miles Quaritch.
You touch me with that
thing again. I'll kill you.
You will kill no one.
Lady. I'm gonna beg to differ.
Drop him.
Good trick.
- Courage.
- Your next cupcake.
Choose carefuly about what you want to do.
Come. We will talk inside.
What are you doing. boss?
Cozy.
The thing is.
everybody's lying to me.
They say that you can make stone
speak the truth.
You seek a man.
The other sky man like you?
Not like me.
He's a traitor.
Then he must die.
Varang can help you find this man.
And the other you seek.
This air breather.
First I must see your soul.
Be still.
That's some strong shit.
Come on.
This is the only pure thing in this world.
This world.
The fire came from the mountains
when I was little.
Burned our forest.
It took everything.
Everything.
My people were starving.
They cried for help.
But Eywa did not come.
So I went to the fire.
And I learned its way.
I am the fire.
By my hand.
My people grow strong.
We do not lie down and die
just because Eywa turns her back on us.
We turn our back on Eywa.
A weak mother for weak children.
We do not suck on
the breast of weakness.
Now only true words
will come from your tongue.
You have a strong heart.
No fear.
- That wasn't cool.
- I will eat your heart. Quaritch.
But first you will answer me.
Why are you here?
I'm here for you.
You wish to serve me.
I don't serve anybody.
I need you.
Well. I do not need you.
And I might keep you
as my slave to pleasure me.
That sounds like a fun weekend.
But that's not what you really want.
What do I want?
What you've never had.
An equal.
You want to spread your fire
across the world?
Yeah. I'll give you guns.
I'll give you comms. RPGs.
Oh that strong magic
Command from a distance.
strike like lightning.
The clans. as far as you can fly.
They'll bow down before Varang.
You want to take on Eywa?
You need me.
I see you.
Damn right. you do.
When I can connect again.
Someday.
Whenever I can be your guide
in the spirit world.
Well. can I just go now?
No. Not without me.
A sky person can't just show up.
freak out the ancestors.
They're starting to arrive
for the calf communion.
Yearling calves and reef babies together.
Having the first bond with Eywa.
It'll be so beautiful.
It's good. I like this on you.
Come to the festival. No. No? No.
Then I will just stay here with you.
Lo'ak. I should not tell you this.
but my tulkun sister said
they have been hearing Payakan very faint.
Calling to his birth clan.
- Where?
Tulkun song travels very far
through the water. Lo'ak.
Please.
Lo'ak.
- Bye Mom.
- Where are you going?
Just out.
There's something I have to do.
Lo'ak.
Lo'ak. Lo'ak.
Wait.
Lo'ak.
We cannot go. The calf
communion is in five days.
I have to go.
This is my fault.
We are going.
All of us.
Get weapons and food.
Tell no one.
Our children have gone to look for him.
You let them.
They did not ask.
I will get the raiders. we go after them.
We cannot search the whole ocean.
We need the warriors here
for calf communion.
- If the demon ships come.
- my boy is out there by himself.
He will come back when he is ready.
This is his path.
Look at what he did.
Jake. The strength of the
ancestors runs in your son's veins.
You must trust that.
The way of water has no beginning.
no end. The sea is your home.
Before your birth.
And after your death.
Where is the one they call Turok Makto?
How many fish are in the sea?
1. 2.
How many birds are in the sky?
1. 2. 3. 4.
I mean. come on.
You couldn't have asked?
They would have
made me a little bit taller.
Maybe even A little bit more blue.
No. I was busy saving your life.
Skxawngs
Just a little bit. A couple centimeters.
She's the all mother.
She can do anything.
You are perfect just the way you are.
Come on. monkey boy.
So. next thing is I'm gonna learn
how to ride a skim wing.
So you can become a mighty warrior
and protect us all.
Hey. It's not the size
of the dog in the fight.
It's the size of fighting the dog.
What is it?
Run. Run.
Go. Go. Spider.
over here.
Come on.
Hey. skxawngs.
This way. you bastards.
Watch him.
Is that all you've got?
Settle down there. cowboy.
Careful with that knife.
That's how people get hurt.
Air breather.
We fly.
- Break off.
Dragonfly. Blue one.
you are cleared in.
They're blocking us in.
Weapons up.
Weapons.
- Where's your sister?
- She went for water.
Where's Kiri?
Where's Spider?
- Dad.
- Where's Spider?
They took him.
The Blue Colonel took him.
Take him.
Be calm. No fear.
No fear.
Jake Sully.
Take the girls and you go now.
- I will not go without you.
- No. They got Spider.
There's nothing holding them back.
You've seen what they can do.
- These people will die.
- You cannot ask this. husband.
I can not.
This is the only way.
Show yourself.
You gotta go.
You gotta go right now.
Take your sister. go and hide.
Go.
If you stay. I stay.
I will kill many.
Whatever happens. do not raise that bow.
You swear to me.
I know he's here. Give him to me.
He's Metkayina.
He's one of us.
Burn something.
Dragon 2-4. lay down some incendiary
on the center village.
Copy. Switching incendiaries.
- I want Jake Sully.
- Stop. Stop. No. No.
Hold your fire.
Hold your fire. Stop.
- Hold fire.
- Copy. Breaking off.
This is my path. brother
- Colonel.
- Corporal.
Take me. You leave my family
and these people alone.
Not good enough. Gonna need the missus too.
You get me?
Both of you are a hammer
this place flat.
Pregnant ladies. kids.
I'll blow Grandma Skinny
through the back of the hooch
because I just don't care.
And my pals here. well. they're just dying
to waste everybody and take some scalps.
Really? We doing this?
When I drop my arm.
you and your new girlfriend die.
- You in particular die a lot.
- I die. everybody here dies.
Maybe I think you can get some of us.
but not all of us.
Maybe we storm.
And your gunships hesitate
because we all look the same.
And then when you're begging for your life.
I'll scalp you.
Well. damn. Corporal.
I don't know if you're smart.
Or just shit nuts.
You never struck me as all that smart.
I need your word.
Marine to marine
safety for these people.
Burn them all.
Quaritch.
- Do we have a deal?
- Done.
Want a pinky swear?
Take him. Turn around.
Move.
Let's go. Come on.
Another time then.
Mrs. Sully.
Yeah. Battle up.
What do we got?
Ma'am. we have a big incursion.
- Banshee riders inbound.
- I see that.
- So light them up.
- I can't. Ma'am. Weapons locked out.
They all have IFF badges.
Expand it
1-6. And sip the target
to show your heading.
All right. All right. Hold it there.
- Let's go.
- Jake.
Grab him.
Let's go. Move.
Jake. Bring him in.
Jake.
Mission accomplish. General.
Jake Sully. Toruk Makto himself.
Not enough for you to hand out guns.
You've got to bring hostiles
inside the perimeter.
Not hostiles.
Allies.
General Ardmore.
I'd like you to meet Varang.
Tsahik of the Mangkwan.
Let me make this very
clear. Colonel Cochise.
I want every one of these savages
escorted off my my base asap.
Including your little missy over here.
Don't be a jackass. General.
Take the win.
We got him. people. Huh?
End of an era.
Just feel this a little bit. Hold still.
Good. Hold it there.
The people say the sea washes you clean.
- It's Lo'ak.
- It's him.
- Lo'ak
- It's him. Come over here
They also say if you see
the deep ones. the siong
their spirits send to judge you.
Thank you. great mother.
Come on. Let him breathe.
Let him go.
Can't believe you guys came after me.
My friend's path is my path.
Is this your sister?
- Yes.
What about Payakan?
- Does she hear him?
- He is close. He is coming now.
- So what have you got?
- This mycelium
that's living inside his body.
Wait. There's something
living inside of him?
Yes. It's an endosynt.
Somehow
moderating the ion exchange.
Stop. I don't need to know how it works.
I just need to know
if we can duplicate it
Let me out of here. you jerk off.
I told those rubber glove pukes
to lay off you for a while.
Where's Jake? He's locked up where
he belongs. Here. I brought you a burger.
- Better not hurt him.
- He's not part of your life anymore.
You're with me now.
I'm your father.
My father's dead.
You ust some made up thing they
gave his memories to.
No. no. no.
I'm still me. I checked.
Yeah. look.
- Colonel Miles Quaritch.
- Deceased.
You know. we didn't get
a chance to talk too much
when we were out in the bush together.
But I gotta thank you.
I mean. you hauled me out of a sunken ship.
You saved my life.
Yeah. sure wish I hadn't done that.
Maybe that's true.
Maybe deep down. it isn't.
Either way.
I owe you.
And I gotta tell you that
Man. I'm proud of you.
You're an amazing kid.
You got guts. smarts. and.
son. you got the heart of a lion
I see myself in you.
Oh. yeah.
I'll tell you who
I really see in you.
and that's your mother.
She was ferocious.
Tough to live with. but I loved her.
And. man. did she love you.
Hardest thing she ever
did was climbing aboard
that gunship that day.
going into battle.
leaving her little baby behind.
Your mom died a hero. son.
You got that in you. too?
Anyway. I didn't come down here
and take a trip down memory lane.
I just came by to tell you
that I'm here for you.
If you need me.
I'm here for you.
Can I keep it?
Eat something. Will you?
Brother.
I see you. brother.
What is it?
What's wrong?
Didn't you find your birth clan?
Tulkun are already coming in.
but the aggregation
doesn't peak until the eclipse.
which is the day after tomorrow.
And that's when we hit them.
No. no. hold on.
No. You're talking about
wholesale slaughter.
Hundreds killed.
Entire pods just wiped out.
That's the beauty of the idea.
We'll fill a year's quota in just one day.
These are intelligent. soulful beings.
- Who are you?
- Ian Garvin.
Marine biologist.
These. These creatures.
They have culture. they have music.
They have names for each other.
This is organized.
This aggregation is. Is deliberate.
It's a spiritual gathering.
Get off your high horse. Garvin.
We all made our deals.
No. I did not sign up for this.
Dr. Garvin. Dr. Garvin.
Thank you.
Your protest has been noted.
- It's been noted?
- Yes.
Sub teams and fast boats.
you guys will form accordance.
You drive the family groups in here
to where it forms a natural
choke point against the islands.
I can't believe we got him.
Hey. Make a hole. Open up
Weapon. Sir.
End of the line. Jake.
06:00.
Tomorrow.
Varang want your heart.
but I'm going old school.
Firing squad.
Selfridge says it's a better optic.
Yeah. Will you be a good dog for the suits?
This isn't about them.
This is about me and you.
About a Marine that betrayed my trust.
About the men and women I lost.
Dead man's memories.
Miles. Quaritch is gone.
You're free.
And there is a world out there.
There's things that those
suits will never understand.
And see this world.
See yourself.
I'll see you at 06:00
Last time I got two.
But they were the
ugliest ones in the village.
Open. Hands on the wall.
Hand on the wall.
All right. we're good. Close it.
It's nothing. Just want to court your.
Watch for me.
Okay. You've got a PHD.
How hard can it be?
Check this out.
What's up. cutie?
She wants me.
We are the fire. Mangkwan
Make no sound. witch.
Where is Jake Sully?
The wife loyal to her man. Speak or cut
Where? I will not ask again.
No. wait. wait.
Pass the camp.
- A cage for an animal.
- Take me there.
- Move. Which way?
- Hey. sugar.
Join the party.
- Get after her.
- I want her heart.
Go. Go. Go
- General.
- Not now.
- I have a situation.
- No. I have a situation.
The kid is loose
and I need him back. alive.
Light her up.
I don't know.
Out of the way. guys.
Move it. move it.
Fire. Hit him. hit him. hit him.
Out of the way. guys.
Lay it down.
Come on.
Go. Jake.
Light him up.
Reverse.
Got you.
The cameras. Okay. stay with with me.
Stay with me.
What am I doing?
Is my protest noted Now?
Jake. this way.
No. this way. This way. Okay.
Ian Garvin. Marine bio.
Come on.
Hey. I gotta say I'm a real big
fan of everything you've done.
I'm more than a little
awe inspired right now.
- The way that you.
- Shut up.
- What's the plan?
- This is as far as I got.
What. there's no plan.
Just Neytiri.
Come on.
Go. go. go.
Why are you doing this?
There's going to be a massive
tulkun hunt the day after tomorrow.
They're going to hit them
with every ship they've got.
Calf communion.
You've got to stop them.
- You're the only one who can.
- Come on.
Silent
Let's go.
Now. No. Oh.
Damn it.
Go. Get out of here.
Lima 1:6. There's a subject
pinned down behind a vehicle.
Sully has been pinned down.
Switch missiles. take him out.
Copy. Switching missiles.
Hey. Remember me?
That's right. Fideos.
Yeah. I don't need this shit.
What are you gonna do?
You gonna shoot me?
The kids with him?
The air breather.
- He's blocking my shot.
- Move. move. move.
Don't shoot. Tell him not to shoot.
Limo on six. Blue on. Hold your fire.
Keep visual on.
one six. Hold your Fire. Get more assets in
that position.
Yeah. You're not gonna shoot me. You know
why?
Because you can't. No.
You can do though.
You can kiss my ass. Yeah.
Come on. Jake. Go.
What are you doing?
Come on. Go. go. Come on.
He's moving west.
Maintain a target lock.
The shot is not clear.
Hey. stay on me.
Stay close to me.
I'm not gonna play this game.
Lima 1-6. take your shot.
No. no. don't shoot.
Get him out of here.
Get away that.
Hold your fire.
Go. go. go.
Lima 1-6. you are cleared hot.
Weapons free.
Unable. I lost visual.
Coming around.
He's coming back around this way.
This is Blue one. check your fire.
Lima one six. you are cleared hot.
One Sixteen hot.
Fire girl.
Neytiri.
Baby. I don't know whether
to kiss you or yell at you.
You waste time.
Come on. let's go.
Land. anywhere.
Oh. my God. It take a huge leak.
You guys landed just in time.
What is it?
Why are we stopping?
They didn't even put a fly in this thing.
That's just dumb.
Good idea. Drink first.
then piss in the stream.
- What is it Jake?
- I was wrong.
We can't protect him.
I gotta take this stuff off Stitchy's Hell.
Quaritch has this woman.
He can find his way.
Where we go.
they will get him.
They will study him.
And when humans can breathe our air.
then they will spread across this world
and they will destroy the
forests. the oceans. everything.
Just like on Earth.
Then the Na'vi people will be gone.
The tulkun will be gone.
And I can't let that happen.
Are you hungry? I'm starving.
You were right.
It has to be done.
Jake. He saved your life.
This is the only way.
Spider. Come here.
What's going on?
What is it?
Just come with me.
Come on. let's go.
Hey. stop for a second.
I gotta take a leak.
Just stay close.
- Where are we going?
- Be quiet.
So is this like. a talk?
Come here. Come on. Come on.
This will work.
Kneel.
Kneel. No.
Kneel. Kneel.
Please. Jake. Please. stop.
Eyes front. Don't move.
Please. you don't have to do this.
Please.
Great Mother. are you here?
You don't have to do this.
- Guide my hand.
- Please don't do this.
- Give me strength.
- Just stop. Please. Stop.
Please.
Don't look at me. Please don't look at
me. Forgive me. son.
I'll be good.
- May your spirit go to Eywa.
- I promise.
- May your body return to the forest.
- Please. Dad.
- To preserve the great balance.
May the ancestors welcome you.
Please.
May the ancestors hold you.
May they sing your song.
I Know I have to go to Eywa now.
It's okay.
But do you still love me?
With all my heart.
I see you.
Whatever happens. it won't be this way.
Then we will find another way.
My dad knew in his heart
there was only ever one path
No matter how you imagine
yourself as a father.
as a husband. sooner or later.
you're back on it.
Hello. old friend.
Toruk loved my father.
He knew they were greater together.
That when they flew.
there would be blood.
He is coming.
Toruk Makto
No. Just please stand.
Stand up. Please.
Baby.
- Jake.
Please. It's okay.
It's okay.
Go now to all the clans
within the day's ride and tell them
Tell them. Talk to them.
You tell him. The day has come.
And so it came to pass
that Toruk Makto returned.
My father united the clans once again.
He made the great speeches.
Many arrows together. cannot be broken.
We cannot be broken.
But he knew that it wasn't enough.
Great matriarch. wise elders.
the Sky People are coming here today.
right now. to kill our Tulkun families.
I beg you. Fight with us.
She says we respect Toruk Makto.
but our ways are ancient.
We believe that killing
will only bring more killing
in an endless expanding spiral.
Hear my words.
The Sky People will never stop.
Not until the last of the tulkun is hunted.
Lo'ak
- Stop.
- Lo'ak. what are you doing?
But you can't be here.
- Dad. wait.
I am brother of Tulkun.
- I have a right to speak.
- Lo'ak speaks the truth.
- You must listen.
- Tsireya
She says his brother is outcast.
You have no standing here.
If he is outcast. then I am outcast.
- And I am outcast.
- Daughter. silence.
No. You'll never see me again.
- And I and my brother are outcast.
- Aonung.
And we are also outcast.
She says. You may speak.
Hear my words. My brother returned
to his birthplace clan to defend them.
But his clan was wiped out
by the demon ships.
Only Tanuk survived because
she fought back.
Come forward.
Tanuk says
I speak for the dead mothers
and the dead calves.
I speak for my people.
And all our songs gone forever.
She says I am the last.
The blind witness to our end.
Tanuk says the Tulkun way must change.
Payakan shows our path.
We must fight.
What did she say?
They will decide.
Look at all of this.
I mean. there's hundreds of them.
And look at all these old ones.
And old is good.
They never stop growing.
Which means more Amritha
And look at this. Mama.
She must be 100 meters.
You're briefing without me.
An oversight. I assume.
No. this is not an oversight.
After your fiasco with Sully.
You're done. Colonel.
You're confined to base
pending an investigation.
Negative on that.
I need to roll.
Sully will be there. which means
that Spider will be there as well.
Well. don't look at him.
He's one step away from the brig himself.
Don't tell him not to look at me.
What are you gonna do. call Daddy?
- You mean the chairman?
- That's enough.
I can still complete this mission.
Look at you.
You're a disgrace to your uniform.
Assuming you remember what a uniform is.
You're grounded. Colonel. permanently.
Why are you here. girl?
To pray. Tsahik.
No. child.
Why did you come to us?
Perhaps it was for this moment
only a chosen one may
call upon the Warrior Mother.
- You're having contractions.
- I fear we will.
We will not survive this.
Kiri.
hear my words.
There is something you can do.
Then you must do it
You have a strong heart.
Here. I'm riding with you.
No. I need you here.
I can't do this unless I know
you kids are safe.
You keep your post no matter what happens.
- You read me?
- Let me try this. Sir.
If your father and I do not return.
you take Spider and the girls and
you go as far and as fast as you can.
Holy shit.
General. this Flux is off the scale.
Keep a wide radius from that Flux Devil.
That thing will rip your face off.
Roger. Gun runner coming right.
Okay. boys. let's make some bank.
Let's go. Let's do this.
Sub team. get wet.
Yeah. baby. Let's do this.
- See any hostiles?
- Negative. No movement.
And the big guys
are just doing their thing.
Fish in a barrel. Scoresby.
Hold
Just hold. Hold. hold.
Hang on. There's no bulls and
- No big females.
- There's no elders.
Hold up. everybody.
Sir. I got a big signature.
Tulkuns. Big ones.
Lots of big ones.
Multiple Tulkun inbound.
Scoresby. I thought you
told me they're not aggressive.
Well. they're not. generally.
I've lost visual
Dude. they're fighting. Yes.
Manual weapons. Open fire.
Reload. Watch out.
- Yeah. Jake.
- bro. look.
Bogey's inbound. Banshee Riders.
Over a hundred. They're friendlies.
They have IFF badges.
They're ours.
Thanks for getting Sully
out in the open. General.
I'll take it from here.
They can't win.
They're dying.
Kiri. Kiri.
Stop her.
Get back to the shelter right now.
It's not safe out here.
I have to call to the Great Mother.
If you connect underwater.
it'll kill you.
You can't do this. We have to go.
You can't be out here right now.
Go. Get back.
Kiri wait. Kiri stop.
Stop. Kiri. Kiri.
Come on. No. Wait.
Crap. Crap.
Tuk. You stay back. I mean it. Come on.
- Do not follow me.
- Come on.
Lo'ak. They're coming. Fight with us.
Go. I'll stay with her.
Come on.
Oh. mother. hear my words.
Please help us. I beg you.
You're our only hope.
Please. We need you.
Don't push me away.
Please don't. No. please.
Please. No. no.
No.
Monkey boy.
Let's do this. Come on.
Come on.
I beg you. Please.
No. please. The people are dying.
Please. Go.
Tuk
We can do this.
Sullys never quit.
Come on. Let's go. Tuk.
Come on.
Great Mother. help us.
We beg you.
The people are dying.
I call upon the warrior. Mother.
You are our only
hope.
Fire.
That's him.
Get after him.
Flank ass. Box him in it.
Good girl. Good girl.
You okay?
- Yes.
Where's Kiri?
- Jake. I'm down.
- Get to safety.
Do not attack.
We're done.
Okay. It's okay. I got you.
Stay here. I'm going back for her.
You can't leave me by myself.
Zata. wait.
I am dying.
No. you're not.
Why must you always argue? I am.
I am dying.
But first. I will push out this baby.
Then push.
I got you. I got you.
- I'm gonna pull it on three.
- No. don't. Don't. just don't.
I gotta pack the wound.
Kiri. Kiri. Kiri.
Are you okay?
Good.
You have one more push.
She's coming. She's coming.
Take your child.
Thank you.
What is her name?
She is Brill.
Be strong.
Brill is a good name.
- You will protect her?
- Yes.
Dad. I'm. I'm sorry I left my post.
- It's okay. son.
- No.
you've proven yourself to me.
I mean. getting the tulkun to fight.
Toruk Makto couldn't do it.
Hey. you did it.
I'm proud of you.
22. What you are stand the of casualties?
All right. people.
let's get ourselves together.
- We've still got work to do.
- Seriously?!
There's a hundred billion
dollars waiting in that cove
and nothing standing in our way.
Beers are on me.
Your name is Brielle.
Your mother was powerful.
You will be powerful too.
Mrs Sully.
- Spoils of war.
- Dads.
Dad look.
I need you now. by my side.
I need my wingman.
Okay. let's move out.
I know you're out there.
I know you can hear me.
Varang here is lighting up
your wife pretty good.
Now. I want you to come in
and I want you to bring Spider with you.
and I know you copy that.
Thanks. baby.
Pick it off. Get in there. Go. Go.
They're trapping them.
Let's get those heifers herded in tight.
100 meters. Get me in there.
Get me in range.
Out of doors Ahead slow.
Even spacing.
Sub teams.
Torpedoes ready.
Torpedoes arming. one through four.
Torpedoes armed.
60 meters. Target lock.
Safety's off.
Stand by to file.
Look. Look.
Hold your fire.
Hold fire for what?
- We've got a situation down here.
- It's Eywa. It's work!
It worked.
Look up. Get us out of here.
Go. go. go. Hit it.
All boats back to the ship.
That's right. buttholes.
- Get us out of here.
- Can't. Propulsion's down.
General. Flex Devil's pulling us in.
- Abandon ship.
Stay close.
- Clear.
Get to the lifeboat.
Get off the ship.
Okay. I'll need covered fire.
Okay. clean the push left
down the port side
and get around behind them.
- Get eyes on me. Just watch me.
- Yes. sir.
- Don't shoot anyone you love.
- Go. Go.
Colonel. this is Spider. I'm here.
Don't kill them.
Where are you. boy?
Step out now.
All right. I'll come out.
Spider. you hear me?
We're running out of time.
I'm here to make a deal.
Me for them.
That can happen.
Come with me. son.
I'm a man of my word.
We can resolve this here and now.
Everybody goes home.
Circle up. We're out of here.
Come on. Tuk.
Leave my mother alone.
Go find your mother.
Get her off the ship.
Hang on. kid.
- Jake.
- Spider.
Jake. Jake.
I'll kill you. I swear.
You're gonna kill
your own father?
Do not test me.
Give me that.
you little bastard.
Come on. Jake.
Come on.
Get out of here. Go on.
Oh.
Jake.
Son
Spider. No.
Hand him up. Come on.
Pull me up. Come on.
If you hadn't just shot me in the arm.
- I let you go.
- Then do it. Dad.
You're some piece of work. kid
Pull us up.
Take my hand.
- Jake.
- Come on.
We got you. We got you.
Well. this is awkward.
Now what?
We all gonna hold hands and sing?
I learn to see?
You have a choice.
Wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait.
Ain't this a...
Come here.
The light always returns.
We all connect with the Great Mother
who holds all her children in her heart.
New life keeps the
energy flowing.
like the breath of the world.
My brother's voice was heard.
He was accepted by the clan.
In the spirit world. We call upon
the strength of the ancestors
all those who have
walked the path before us.
Come on. monkey boy. Come on.
Come on. Go on.
Sir.
- I see you.
Bro.
This skxawngs.
I'm happy to see you. little bro.
- Mom. this is Spider.
- I've heard all about you. troublemaker.
You are alive for the first time.
And your spirit will live in Eywa forever.
You are one of us now.
You are one of the people.
Oh shit.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm